This chunk is from the HTML file: OLF_Browser.htm.
 Section heading: Common Browser Components.
 Text content: Examine the Trading Manager browser window. § The browser displays a tree structure from left to right.  In most cases, the left side of the tree structure contains the most generalized items.  Items become more specific as the tree progresses to the right. § The boxes shown in these browsers are referred to as nodes for purposes of this documentation.  Each individual node has a variety of functionalities that are available to the user, depending on which browser (i.e., Trading, Market, Accounting, etc.) is being viewed.  For example, the Market Manager Browser will have a different set of functions available than the Trading Manager browser. § The left side of the browser is the Browser Overview. The Browser Overview displays a thumbnail view of the nodes that have been loaded through a query. Nodes are arranged in a tree structure. The left most node contains the all-encompassing group node or the parent node. The parent node may contain child (and sub-child) nodes which may extend to the right of the parent node. § The black rectangle within the Browser Overview is the Focus Box .  It controls which items are displayed on the right side of the window.  This feature is especially helpful in trading desk situations, in which there may be literally hundreds of deals displayed in the system at once. § By clicking on and moving the rectangle in the left panel, the user controls what is displayed in the right panel.  This feature is very WYSIWYG, in that the nodes displayed in the box in the left panel are exactly the ones shown in the right panel. § The right side of the browser is the Focus View. The Focus Box can be moved with the mouse to control which items are displayed in the Focus View .  The left or right mouse button can also move the Focus Box by clicking on a different area within the Browser Overview .  The vertical and horizontal scroll bars at the right and bottom of the Focus View control which items are displayed in the Focus View . .
