This chunk is from the HTML file: OLF_Object_Import_Export.htm.
 Section heading: Overview.
 Text content: The Object Import/Export window is used throughout the system. It enables the user to import data and definition files of your choice, view the progress during the import and record any errors that occur. You can configure the window, save the configuration and load it when needed. The window enables you to view the status of a file import and provides you with a listing of errors if the import fails. This window is used to import data such as: · Index datasets · Index definitions · Volatility/Correlation datasets · Volatility/Correlation definitions · Time Series data configurations · Time Series datasets · Time Series analysis configurations · Simulation definitions · User-defined Instruments For Index and Volatility/Correlation Definitions and Time Series Data/Analysis Configurations: The definition must exist in the system prior to importing data. Definition imports require that “parent” definitions exist in the system. The list below describes the hierarchy of definitions before they can be imported into the system. 1. Index Definitions 2. Volatilities and Correlations ü Standard Volatilities ü Dependent Volatilities ü Volatilities of Volatilities ü Composite Volatilities ü Correlations 3. VaR Definitions 4. Time Series Data Configurations (requires 1 & 2) 5. Time Series Analysis Configurations (requires only 1, 2, and 3) For example, when importing volatility definitions, the required parent indexes for these volatilities must already exist (either imported or set up manually) in the system. Exporting data provides a method for backing up data or using it in another application. Generally, files are exported/imported in comma-delimited format.  That is, fields are separated by a comma (','); strings containing commas are double-quoted; an empty field is generally recognized as a data error, but under some conditions is tolerated. This format matches the format used by Microsoft Excel. However, in certain circumstances, as in Germany, the character-delimiter can be a semicolon (';') to facilitate multi-national file import/export..
